HOWIE: LET'S TAKE A MORE
IN-DEPTH LOOK AT THE DNC'S
DECISION TO BAR FOX NEWS FROM
THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATES.
I SAT DOWN WITH BRET BAIER.
WELCOME.
IF THE DNC HAD AWARDED FOX A
DEBATE, YOU WOULD HAVE MODERATED
WITH CHRIS WALLACE AND MARTHA
MacCALLUM.
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT THE
DECISION?
BRET: DISAPPOINTED.
WE HAVE A RECORD OF BEING FAIR
TO DEMOCRATS, INDEPENDENTS,
WHOMEVER.
I WAS DOING A TOWN HALL IN
MICHIGAN WITH HILLARY CLINTON
AND BERNIE SANDERS.
BOTH SIDES SAID THEY THOUGHT IT
WAS FAIR.
CHRIS WALLACE HAS BEEN TOUTED AS
A GREAT GENERAL ELECTION DEBATE
MODERATOR.
A LOT OF PRAISE FROM BOTH SIDES.
HOWIE: YOU ASKED THE FIRST
QUESTION AT THE FIRST REPUBLICAN
DEBATE THAT WAS AIMED AT DONALD
TRUMP.
BRET: IS THERE ANYONE ON STAGE
WHO IS UNWILLING TONIGHT TO
PLEDGE YOU'RE SUPPORT TO THE
EVENTUAL NOMINEE OF THE
REPUBLICAN PARTY?
MR. TRUMP?
HOWIE: THIS "NEW YORKER" PIECE
SAID UNNAMED SOURCES SAY THERE
WAS A LEAK IN ADVANCE TO
CANDIDATE TRUMP.
BRET: I DON'T BELIEVE THAT COULD
BE TRUE, LOOKING BACK.
WE HAD A VERY TIGHT CIRCLE ON
THOSE QUESTIONS.
THERE WAS A LOT OF BACKLASH.
WE SPENT TWO WEEKS AFTER THAT
MOMENT DEFENDING BOTH OUTSIDE
AND INSIDE THAT WE WERE TOO
TOUGH ON DONALD TRUMP.
I DON'T THINK JUST BY THAT FIRST
QUESTION IT SEEMED LIKE A MOMENT
THAT HE WAS NOT PREPARED FOR IN
HIS ANSWER.
I CAN'T SAY DEFINITIVELY.
BUT IT'S ANONYMOUS SOURCES.
THE FORMER HEAD OUR NETWORK YOU
CAN'T ASK.
HOWIE: A FOX EXECUTE WHICH WITH
ROGER AILES TELLS ME HE WAS
FURIOUS AT THE QUESTIONS HE
DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT AHEAD OF TIME.
THE PRIMETIME HOSTS AND HOSTS OF
"FOX AND FRIENDS" ARE SUPPORTIVE
OF TRUMP, BUT NOT ALWAYS.
TRUMP DOES WATCH A LOT OF FOX.
BUT HERE IS WHAT WASN'T
INCLUDED.
FOX HAS A FULL-FLEDGED NEWS
DIVISION OF WHICH YOU AND I AND
OTHER REPORTS AND ANCHORS ARE A
PART.
DO YOU FEEL THAT'S OFTEN
OVERLOOKED?
BRET: YES.
THIS HAS BEEN HAPPENING SINCE I
HAVE BEEN HERE, 22 YEARS.
DEFENDING FOX.
THERE ARE TWO SIDES.
THE NEWS SIDE AND OPINION SIDE.
THE LOUDEST CRITICS OF FOX ARE
OFTEN PEOPLE WHO DON'T WATCH.
I SAY WATCH MY SHOW THREE TIMES,
THEN DROP ME AN EMAIL OR POST OR
TWITTER WHEAT.
THE PEOPLE WHO DO SAY THAT THEY,
YOU KNOW, THEY GET IT, THEY
THINK IT'S FAIR.
HOWIE: YOU COMPLAINED ON THE AIR
ABOUT NOT BEING ABLE TO GET AN
INTERVIEW WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
BRET: IT TOOK ME 600 DAYS.
I HAD TO CHASE HIM DOWN IN
SINGAPORE TO GET MY FIRST
INTERVIEW.
CHRIS WALLACE WAS EVEN LATER
THAN THAT.
LISTEN.
THERE IS A DISCONNECT HERE.
THERE IS A BIT.
CHRIS SAID THIS ON THE RADIO
EARLIER THIS WEEK.
THERE IS A BIT OF FOX
DERANGEMENT SYNDROME WITH A
SECTION OF THE LEFT.
THERE ARE A LOT OF CANDIDATES
AND A LOT OF PEOPLE ON THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY WHO REALIZE THE
POWER OF THE VIEWERSHIP AND THE
POWER OF THE FAIRNESS OF THE
NEWS OPERATION.
BUT OFTEN THEY ARE DROWNED OUT
BY THE LOUD VOICES ON THE LEFT
SIDE OF THE PARTY.
HOWIE: THE REPORT THAT FOX
KILLED THE STORY ABOUT STORMY
DANIELS.
HER BOSS SAYS HE MADE THE
DECISION BECAUSE IT WASN'T
SOURCED NOT TO PROTECT DONALD
TRUMP.
BRET REQUIRE WAS A RUPERT
MURDOCH PUBLICATION, THE "WALL
STREET JOURNAL" THAT BROKE THIS
STORY.
THERE WERE OTHER ORGANIZATIONS
THAT DIDN'T RUN WITH IT EITHER,
BUT I WANTS AWARE WE HAD
ANYTHING PRIOR TO THAT.
HOWIE: "TIMES" JAY CARNEY BECAME
A PRESS SECRETARY, AND GEORGE
STEPHANOPOULOS, SO THIS IS
HARDLY UNIQUE TO FOX NEWS.
BRET: I'M DISCONNECTED FROM THE
OPINION SIDE.
I LIKE TO THINK WE HAVE HORSE
BLINDERS ON AND WE LET NEWS
BUBBLE UP ON OUR PROGRAM.
THE DEMOCRATS WHO COME ON SAY
THAT WAS FAIR.
TOUGH AND FAIR.
I THINK THAT'S WHAT YOU WOULD
GET IF YOU HAD A DEBATE ON FOX.
HOWIE: IT'S MY JOB TO SOMETIMES
CRITICIZE WHAT HAPPENS ON FOX.
TO ME THIS IS LIKE SAYING IT'S
UNFAIR TO FOX.
YOU DON'T SEE LONG OPINION
PIECES ABOUT WHETHER NBC AND
CNBC CRITICIZE TRUMP AS CRAZY,
UNHINGED, DANGEROUS.
SHOULD THE DNC CONSIDER THAT AS
A STANDARD FOR AWARDING DEBATES?
BRET: I WILL LEAVE THAT TO THEM.
I AGREE WITH YOU.
I THINK THERE IS A DISCONNECT
BETWEEN HOW WE ARE TREATED ON
THE NEWS SIDE AND HOW OTHER OPEN
RACES ARE TREATED, GIVEN HOW
THEIR OPINION IN PRIMETIME DEALS
WITH THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT TWEETS OUT THAT HE
MAY NOT DO GENERAL ELECTION
DEBATES WITH OTHER NETWORKS.
I DON'T THINK THAT HELPS US
EITHER.
BUT THERE IS A POINT HERE AT
WHICH YOU HAVE TO LOOK AT
FAIRNESS.
AND I UNDERSTAND WHAT THE DNC IS
SAYING.
BUT IT'S DISAPPOINTING THAT THEY
CAME TO THIS CONCLUSION
CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT ADD
THREE CYCLES OF TRYING TO GET
BACK A DEMOCRATIC DEBATE, WE
HAVE DONE THEM BEFORE, I THOUGHT
THIS WAS THE YEAR.
I'M NOT SURPRISED BY THIS
DECISION.
I DO FEEL THE "NEW YORKER" IS A
FIG LEAF.
IT'S BASICALLY WHAT THEY WANTED
TO HAVE HAPPEN.